@echo off
rem Disable command echoing to keep the script clean

setlocal enabledelayedexpansion
rem Enable delayed variable expansion to work with variables inside loops

set /p sourcePath=Enter the source folder path:
rem Prompt the user to enter the source folder path and store it in the "sourcePath" variable

set /p destinationPath=Enter the destination folder path:
rem Prompt the user to enter the destination folder path and store it in the "destinationPath" variable

if not exist "!sourcePath!\" (
    echo Error: Source folder does not exist.
    goto :eof
)
rem Check if the source folder does not exist. If it doesn't, display an error message and exit the script using "goto :eof."

if not exist "!destinationPath!\" (
    echo Error: Destination folder does not exist.
    goto :eof
)
rem Check if the destination folder does not exist. If it doesn't, display an error message and exit the script using "goto :eof."

robocopy "!sourcePath!" "!destinationPath!" /E
rem Use the robocopy command to copy files and subdirectories from the source folder to the destination folder with the /E option, which includes subdirectories.

if errorlevel 8 (
    echo Error: ROBOCOPY encountered errors during the copy operation.
) else (
    echo Copy operation completed successfully.
)
rem Check the exit code of the robocopy command. If it's 8 or higher, it indicates an error. Display an error message; otherwise, display a success message.

:end
rem Label to indicate the end of the script

endlocal
rem End the local variable environment to clean up variables and settings
This script allows the user to specify source and destination folders and uses robocopy to copy the contents of the source folder to the destination folder. If any errors occur during the copy operation, it will display an error message, otherwise, it will display a success message.




User
What is REM
ChatGPT
In batch scripting, "REM" is short for "remark" or "comment." It is used to insert comments or remarks within a batch script that are intended for human readers and are not interpreted or executed as commands by the script. Comments are a way to provide explanations, notes, or documentation within the script to help clarify its purpose or usage.

Here's an example of how to use "REM" to add comments in a batch script:

batch
Copy code
@echo off
REM This is a comment.
REM It provides additional information about the script.

set var=123
REM This is another comment explaining the purpose of the variable.

echo %var%
REM This is a comment before an echo command.
REM It doesn't affect the execution of the script.

REM You can use REM to disable or "comment out" code temporarily.
REM For example, if you don't want a particular line to run, just prefix it with REM.

pause
REM This comment explains that the script will pause to allow the user to read the output.

REM End of the batch script
Comments, when used effectively, make scripts more understandable and maintainable, and they help other users or script maintainers comprehend the code's logic and functionality. They are particularly useful for explaining complex or non-obvious parts of a script.






